for the second time this week the UN
Security Council met behind closed doors
on the conflict the Secretary General
briefed members on Israel's order for
garans in the north of the territory to
evacuate South moving more than 1
million people across a densely
populated war zone to a place with no
food water or accommodation when the
entire territories Under Siege is
extremely dangerous and in some cases
simply not
possible however the Israeli ambassador
to the UN said he was angered by that
position the UN should be praising
Israel for these precautionary
actions what we all hear is not the un's
concern for civilians what we hear is
the un's indifference to the murder of
Israelis outside the security council
meeting the Palestinian Ambassador said
Arab Nations at the UN were United in
their call for an immediate ceasefire
humanitarian access to Gaza and the
prevention of the mass transfer of
gazans or their expulsion from the
territory for those who think that there
is a single Arab single Diplomat that is
not standing with Palestine at this
moment at this time look at our Unity
look at our strength and look what we
will be doing in the days to come the
Russian Ambassador introduced a draft
Security Council resolution calling for
a cease fire and an end to all
hostilities and acts of terrorism he
said the current violence must be seen
in the context of Israel's illegal
occupation and the failure of the us-led
peace process the root causes of this
situation are of critical
importance our Western colleagues do
their best to promote the narrative that
the current escalation happens out of
the blue because a band of savage
terrorists attacked Israeli civilians
late Friday Brazil introduced a draft
resolution of its own that adds a
specific condemnation of hamas's attack
on October the 7th and urges Israel to
rescind its evacuation order shabans Al
jazer the United Nations